-Ask--Mindspark------I-want-to-restore-my-Home-Page-----I-want-to-restore-my-Search-Engine-----I-wan
====================================================================================================

 Ask, Mindspark      I want to restore my Home Page     I want to restore my Search Engine     I want to disable search from     my New Tab page     I want to reset my Chrome     Address bar     Are you curious why you're seeing Ask.com search results?     Need more help?     Visit our Support Center.  I want to restore my Home Page      IE 9+     IE 8     IE 7     Firefox  1. Navigate to the page you want set as your home page.  2. At the top of the Firefox window on the menu bar, click on the "Tools" tab, and select "Options".  3. If it isn't already selected, click the "General" icon.  4. Under the "Startup" section, click on "Use Current Page" or type your preferred home page URL into the box.  (If you have a group of tabs open, the entire group of tabs will be set as your home page. You can also use the "Use Bookmark" button to set one of your bookmarks as your home page.)  5. Click the "OK" button to close the Options window. I want to restore my Search Engine      IE 9     IE 10+     IE 8     IE 7     Firefox  1. Click on the arrow located to the left of the search box -- at the top right of your browser window.  2. From the drop-down menu, select "Manage Search Engines"  3. You can remove any unwanted search engines by selecting them and clicking the "Remove" button. Your default search will be the first search engine listed.  4. After you have finished editing the list, click the "OK" button.  Occasionally during the uninstall process, Firefox search settings are not restored to their default value. Please try the following method to manually restore your browser's settings:  1. Open your Firefox browser and type the following into the address bar: about:config. You will see a warning message after doing so, please click the "I'll be careful, I promise" button.  2. In the filter box near the top, type in "Ask Web Search" and hit enter.  3. Look for an entry labeled "keyword.URL" and confirm that it is set to a url that corresponds with "Ask Web Search".  4. Click on the line to highlight it, and then right-click it to bring up its menu options.  5. Select "Modify" from the menu, and entry can be reset to a value of the user's choice (blank or "Google" http://www.google.com/search?ie=UTF-8&amp;oe=UTF-8&amp;q=).  6. Close the browser, and reopen it.  7. To verify that you have successfully restored your browser's default settings, type a search term into your address bar (e.g. weather) and hit Enter. Your browser should now refrain from directing to Ask Web Search.  If this still does not resolve your issue, please let us know. I want to disable search from my New Tab page      IE 9+     IE 8     IE 7     Chrome  1. Access the "Internet Options" menu by clicking the cog icon in the upper right-hand corner of your browser.  2. Under the "General" tab, find the "Tabs" section. Click the "Settings" button.  3. Under "when a new tab is opened, open:" section select "The new tab page" option from the drop-down menu  4. Click "Ok" and your new tab page will be reset. I want to reset my Chrome Address bar      Chrome  1. Click on the three horizontal lines icon in the upper right-hand corner of your Chrome browser.  2. Go to "Settings"  3. Find the Search section and select your preferred search provider from the dropdown list. You can also remove undesired search providers by clicking the "Manage Search Engines" button.  ™, ® + © 2014 Mindspark Interactive Network, Inc. All rights reserved. An IAC Company.
